---
title: "S'more"
bg: white
color: black
---
### Listen:

When it comes to money, every little bit counts. Every penny you save today could help improve your life tomorrow. It all adds up in the long run, right?

Knowing this, you should always be on the lookout for new ways to increase your income - even if only by a tiny bit.

Using the following apps isn’t going to make you rich. But putting in the minimal effort that goes into utilizing each of them will leave you with a decent amount of cash at the end of the year. 

Just don’t spend it all in one place. (Or, you know...do that. It’s your money, after all!)

## S’more
If you’re a fan of making money for doing absolutely nothing, S’more is the app for you. 

With S’more, you collect reward points for allowing the app to show ads on your phone’s lock screen. Once you reach a certain amount of reward points, you can redeem them for gift cards at various retailers and online stores. The points are redeemed and the gift cards accessed through email, so the entire process is quick and easy.

After installing and setting up S’more, you don’t have to do anything at all to start earning reward points. It’s also a good incentive to unglue your eyes from your phone, for a change.

One of the usual concerns with this type of app is battery life. However, S’more’s developers have optimized the app to ensure it uses as little of your phone’s battery as possible. 

Due to Apple regulations, S’more is currently available for Android devices, meaning iPhone users will have to figure out another way to earn passive income through their lock screen.