---
title: "Fiverr"
bg: orange
color: black
fa-icon: toggle-on
---
Fiverr
Fiverr is a freelancing database that connects people in need of specific services with people who specialize in these various areas. Fiverr is great for picking up quick and easy jobs that have no strings attached in exchange for a quick five bucks.
While there is a wide variety of services offered on Fiverr, the most popular categories are writing, graphic design, audio/visual work, programming, and marketing. There’s also a “fun and bizarre” category, where people offer others money to do things like play pranks on friends or complete daredevil stunts.

The projects offered are usually not very involved, either. A talented individual could likely complete many of the tasks in 30 minutes or less. While this certainly isn’t enough to allow you to quit your dayjob, it’s a good way to make some side cash while doing what you love.
First of all, there’s always something interesting being offered on Fiverr. You might not get paid a ton, but you can pick and choose the work you decide to take on.

Fiverr is also great for people just getting started within an industry. The projects you pick up on Fiverr can be added to your ever-increasing portfolio of work, which will one day land you jobs that pay much more than five dollars a pop.

The downside, of course, is that $5 might not be worth the effort you’ll put into a job. But for others across the globe, $5 is a lot of money. The worldwide competition for interesting gigs tends to get a little hectic, so you might not always get the job you wanted.

Though it’s a good way to build your portfolio, you shouldn’t be making Fiverr one of your main sources of income. But it can be difficult to break out into the world of higher-paying gigs once you’ve gotten comfortable with a specific system. Don’t let that happen.